[light music playing]
[whale calls]
[train rumbles]
[beeping]
[light music playing]
[quirky music playing]
[kids chattering]
[laughing]
-[kid 1] Let's go!
-[kid 2] Yeah, let's go!
Yeah, over here. Okay.
-Let's go.
-[kid 1] Come on!
HANKUK UNIVERSITY
[imitates plane engine]
[kids cheering]
[kid 3] Come on!
MATH SUMMARY
REAL MATH
There. This one right here.
[whistle blows]
[man] This bus was supposed
to take you to the academy.
This bus was going to Mujin Academy,
which is short for "Mujin Unfortunately
is Just Insufferably Nonstop Studying."
But I, the Commander-in-Chief
of the Children's Liberation Army,
have taken over the vehicle.
This is now a bus
that doesn't go to the academy.
Welcome aboard the bus
that doesn't bring you to the academy!
Who are you?
I'm Commander-in-Chief
of the Children's Liberation Army.
Name is Bang Gu-ppong. Got it?
Bang Gu-ppong, like "fart"?
[laughing]
His name is Bang Gu-ppong?
-No way.
-My name really is Bang Gu-ppong.
[kid 4] Hmm? Really?
RESIDENT REGISTRATION CARD
BANG GU-PPONG
[kids laughing]
Bang Gu-ppong?
[whistle blows]
Those of you who have boarded
that don't go to the academy
are all qualified to join
the Children's Liberation Army.
Children who don't want to join,
or wanna go to the academy
should get off this bus right now.
What's the Children's Liberation Army?
Hmm…
Well, they play a lot.
The Children's Liberation Army plays,
plays, and plays some more.
They play so much, it's a miracle
they don't die from it, really.
They play so much,
their guts…
[sobs]
[laughs]
Their guts cry from all the fun.
Can I ask my parents first?
No way.
I'm going.
If you don't want to be
in the Children's Liberation Army,
leave this bus now.
You mustn't tell your moms,
all right, hmm?
Would your mom understand our goal
of playing, playing, and playing some more
of having so much fun
that all of you are liberated?
-No.
-No, I don't think so.
Therefore, the Children's
Liberation Army declares!
First, children must play immediately.
Second, children
must be healthy immediately.
Third, children must be happy immediately.
I, the Commander-in-Chief Bang Gu-ppong,
will now defeat the sly demands
of schools, academies,
even the parents, too,
and I, Bang Gu-ppong,
will perform a silly song
for happy children immediately.
Children.
Let's all play!
Let's go.
Does anyone here know how to drive?
-I do!
-Choose me!
-I know how!
[Gu-ppong] Okay. Seatbelts on.
Seatbelts on. Seatbelts! Seatbelts!
CASE 9
THE PIED PIPER
SEOUL CENTRAL DISTRICT COURT
[Atty. Jung] Uh, Attorney Woo.
Are you at the courthouse?
Uh, yes.
I don't think I'll be late
to the judgment of the arrest warrant,
but I'm worried there won't be time
to interview the defendant.
And I haven't looked at the materials.
[Atty. Jung] Well, that's understandable
since you just now took the case.
Uh, Jun-ho left for court
with the case files,
so you'll get them soon.
Uh, okay.
[light music playing]
Attorney Woo! Here.
Please, hurry.
[elevator dings]
The defendant's a 26-year-old male,
was arrested for allegations
of abducting minors.
Two days ago,
he took over a Mujin Academy bus
and took the 12 elementary school students
onboard to a mountain nearby.
Mm. I heard the person
who asked Hanbada to take this case
is the director of the academy.
Yes, that's right.
The defendant is the third son
of the Mujin's director.
That means, the man hijacked the bus
of his mother's academy.
What did he do
with the kids in the mountains?
They just played.
What?
Apparently, just some activities
for about four hours
with all the children.
The academy's bus driver reported it,
and then the cops
later arrested the defendant.
Um, Attorney Woo, there's a…
Yeah?
There's a straight eyelash…
Mm?
[romantic music playing]
Just a second.
One minute.
The lash,
it was a tricky one to get.
I managed to get it, though.
Uh, yeah.
Yeah, well…
I better go and meet the defendant.
[exhales]
[door opens]
[Gu-ppong clears throat]
Oh?
-And you are?
-Huh?
Oh, greetings.
I am Attorney Woo Young-woo
from Hanbada Law Firm.
Whether it's read straight or flipped,
it's still Woo Young-woo.
Kayak, deed, rotator,
noon, racecar, Woo Young-woo.
Today…
NAME: BANG GU-PPONG
[tense music playing]
Today, I'm assigned to Mr. Bang Gu-ppong.
Mr. Bang Gu-ppong's defense.
I won't be needing an attorney.
If I don't take this on,
you will be appointed a public defender
under the jurisdiction of the court.
Is that what you want?
Can I be tried without having an attorney?
No. There's no time,
so I'm just going to ask right away.
Is Bang Gu-ppong your real name?
Why, though?
The name is odd.
And I'm worried the judge
might rate it negatively.
When I say my name,
the children laugh with me.
But a name like Woo Young-woo
doesn't make any child laugh.
What was it that you said earlier?
Kayak… Uh…
Kayak, deed, rotator,
noon, racecar, Woo Young-woo.
The flow is nice. Sure.
It is weak, though. It's…
not funny. Something like…
♪ Woo, Woo ♪
♪ Woo-Woo-Woo, Woo,
Woo-Woo-Woo, Woodpecker's Booger ♪
♪ Woodpecker's Butthole ♪
Those are funnier.
Something like that.
What?
Having a name that makes kids laugh
and get adults angry at you,
and living up to that title,
that is the essence of my revolution.
Nice to meet you.
Let's shake.
Shake hands. Shake hands.
Nice to meet you.
[judge] Defendant.
What is your name?
Bang Gu-ppong, Your Honor.
[judge] Is that your real name?
The name given to you by your parents?
I legally changed my name
to Bang Gu-ppong two years ago.
Now, Bang Gu-ppong, that is my real name.
[judge] What is your occupation?
The Commander-in-Chief
of the Children's Liberation Army.
Objection!
What?
What do you mean objection?
We're in mid-arraignment.
-What's the matter with you?
-Um, I'm sorry, Your Honor.
I misspoke because I was caught off-guard
by the, um, uh, defendant's reply.
Yes.
I'm quite surprised as well.
Your Honor.
I didn't have enough time
to interview the defendant
as I was just given this case.
May I have a quick word with him
so he can respond properly?
Hurry up already.
[judge sighs]
[sighs]
What do you mean
you're the Commander-in-Chief
of the Children's Liberation Army?
Yeah, but that is my job.
Responding that way will get you arrested.
We must show
that you are in your right mind
with no worry of fleeing
or destruction of evidence.
That is my job.
You can say that all you want,
but the judge will write
"unemployed" or "unknown."
Just please do as I say.
[judge] Let me ask you again.
Defendant.
What's your occupation?
[suspenseful music playing]
"Unemployed."
Unemployed.
"Unemployed" shouldn't
be written down, Your Honor.
The Commander-in-Chief
of the Children's Liberation Army
is my job now.
That's my job.
My son, is it true that…
he was taken into custody?
Yes.
Your son's adamantly set in his ways,
and that appears
to have concerned the court.
Saying that his job
is the Commander-in-Chief
of the Children's Liberation Army were…
What was his response when he was asked
about his address?
He said he lives
in "the hearts of all the children."
[sighs]
I know you were concerned
about your son not being able
to adjust to life at the detention center.
I'm sorry about that.
Don't be.
[sighs]
It's my son's fault
for responding in that fashion.
Can you explain what happened
to the students he took to the mountain?
Do they attend the academy still?
All 12 of them unenrolled.
I gave them a full refund
for their tuition.
Words spread fast among the families
and they're very sensitive
about reputation.
There were quite a lot of students
who followed suit, unfortunately.
Uh, I'm so sorry.
Uh, did you happen to talk to the parents
of the 12 children, by any chance?
I had a chance to apologize
when I saw them at the station.
Since then, I had a lot going on.
Should I try speaking with them?
Yes.
If a letter of non-punishment
comes from the parents
of the victimized children,
it could help a lot
in reducing your son's sentence.
Of course, it's still possible that
the parents will request settlement money.
Yes, that's what I thought.
Then, um, I'll prepare the money,
and attempt to get
the non-punishment letter.
Yes, and my team will prepare
thoroughly for the trial.
[sighs]
Things have been difficult for a while.
I was left to raise my sons by myself.
Their father passed away young.
Still, I'm…
a mom who sent all three sons
to Seoul National University.
The struggle I experienced
led to the creation of the Mujin Academy.
[Seong-suk] What's the point
of just my kids succeeding?
Other kids should succeed with them.
Though it seems that…
I was so busy with other children,
I think I missed my son
heading down the wrong track.
[somber music playing]
Attorney Jung. I can…
I can pay you whatever you need
in commission fees.
I know he went to the detention center,
but please,
he shouldn't be sent to prison.
Could you please help?
Yes.
Here is the Woo Young-woo
seaweed sushi you ordered.
But I didn't order a beer.
-Mine.
-[Young-woo] Oh.
Hmm…
So, Geu-ra-mi…
When someone says they like someone
and that person won't say anything back,
well, that means
they're not going to answer, right?
[gasps]
Someone said that? Who?
-Me.
-To Lee Jun-ho?
Mm-hmm.
[Geu-ra-mi chuckles]
Wow!
Look at you, Woo to the Young to the Woo.
They say it's always the quiet ones.
Hairy, did you hear?
[sighs]
Even Young-woo's out there
expressing her feelings to a man.
While I'm trapped in here
doing the dirty dishes. Jeez!
What are you saying? I'm the one
who did all the dishes today.
Oh, and I didn't expect that from you.
You're very brave.
So, what did you say?
You weren't saying anything weird, right?
[Young-woo] That night,
the beating inside my heart
was extremely fast.
And you know,
I didn't even actually touch you.
But still, I could feel my heart
beating very fast.
[Geu-ra-mi] What the…
What are you, on Grey's Anatomy?
Oh, God, why did you spill the beans
about the heart rate stuff?
[Young-woo] So I figured…
the reason why is
because I like you a lot.
[Hairy] What's wrong with that?
I think she clearly expressed
how she feels to him.
"My heart beats fast when I see you."
"I like you."
It's the same thing.
[Geu-ra-mi] What did Jun-ho say?
Attorney Woo…
You should know that…
Do you think…
this man's trying to run away?
"Um, Attorney Woo, um, I…"
And then what?
Ah, and then, we had to run after
Mr. Park Yu-jin who was running away,
so we didn't finish talking.
And he hasn't said anything after that.
[gasps]
Nothing yet? Why?
Hmm…
I'm not sure.
Perhaps he doesn't like me.
[sucks teeth]
I don't know.
He seemed to like you
from what I saw earlier.
He's still kind and gentle.
He smiles when he sees me and…
removed an eyelash from my face.
What? A lash from…
[gasps]
He grabbed an eyelash?
He's head-over-heels for you, am I right?
How do you touch someone's lash
if you don't like them?
Back me up on this.
It's not like he caressed your leg.
People can grab an eyelash
without liking a person.
Besides, an eyelash could blind someone
if it gets in there wrong.
Should I try to ask again
about how he feels?
-No. What are you, nuts?
-Not a good idea.
[Young-woo] Mm.
[Geu-ra-mi]
What if you're nice to him too?
Why not just act real sweet
and don't say a single word?
He will get confused.
Act nice so he gets confused too?
Hmm, how do I do that?
Uh, what do you do to be nice, Hairy?
When you're trying to date someone.
I… Well…
get their seat for them,
open the car door for them,
make sure they walk on the inside
when we're on the sidewalk,
and carry their things.
Were you beaten up inside the jail?
[Min-woo] Or did you get into a fight?
It's the Milky Way.
Okay.
Uh…
[Min-woo clears throat]
Mr. Bang Gu-ppong.
You may have announced,
it's true that you kidnapped minors,
but you didn't cause any harm to them.
You might get a decreased punishment.
In order for that to happen,
you have to admit to your wrongdoings
and express your remorse.
The term "minor" doesn't sit well with me.
-Huh?
-Uh, mis…
Mm. Um…
What did you do after you took
the victims to the mountain?
The word "victims" also doesn't work.
[Gu-ppong] How about this?
Since they joined
the Children's Liberation Army then,
we'll call them that moving forward.
[Young-woo] Um…
No.
I'll just call them children.
What did you do after you took
the children you kidnapped
to the mountain?
We had a ceremony of enlistment
for the army.
[military music playing]
[whistle blowing]
-[fast blow]
-[laughing]
The enemy of the children of Korea
are schools, academies, and also parents.
They don't let children play.
They're scared of happy children.
And they don't want healthy children.
They want anxious children,
and suffering children,
obedient children.
They manipulate the laws
of the Republic of Korea,
so the children are busier,
and something even worse,
the children give up on the magic
of the world before they've grown.
-Yeah!
-[Gu-ppong] Oh.
You agree?
And you are?
Lee Se-won!
Oh, you agree with me then?
-Yes!
-[Gu-ppong] Okay!
The Children's Liberation Army declares!
First, children must play immediately.
Hey, you say it too. It's embarrassing.
-Okay.
-All right.
Okay, now, one.
-"One!"
Children must play immediately!
-"Children must play immediately!"
Two!
-"Two!"
Children must be healthy immediately!
-"Children must be healthy immediately!"
-Three!
-"Three!"
Children must be happy immediately.
-"Children must be happy immediately!"
I, the Commander-in-Chief Bang Gu-ppong,
will now defeat the sly demands
of schools, academies, and parents.
That said, to celebrate
this important moment,
we will immediately sing for all
the happy and good children together.
You got it?
You say "Let's play"
after I say "Kids," okay?
-Okay!
-Yeah!
Now, kids!
-Let's play!
[happy music playing]
-Freeze
-Freeze.
Green light! Red light!
-Come on.
-[Gu-ppong] Red light!
[kids shrieking]
-[kid 1] What's that?
-[kid 2] Kiss it.
[kid 3] I'll show you
we can win without trees.
[Gu-ppong] I'll peel it for you, okay?
-Hold it here. It's hot.
-It's hot.
[groans]
It's hot! Hot, hot, hot!
[Gu-ppong] Who doesn't like milk?
Yeah, I don't like it, either.
-I like it. I really like it.
-[kid 5] Yeah, me too.
[indistinct chatter]
You gave it to me first.
[Min-woo] Yes, well, it's not like you did
anything incredibly original.
The thought that playing
needing to be original
is what creates the gimmicky children's
field trips without the field part.
Taking the children here and there,
making them do this and that
just to say they're experiencing something
novel or educational?
That's not playing.
[soft music playing]
Even if they're just looking up
at the sky,
and giggling at the clouds
passing by them,
even that, as long as the child
is happy in that moment,
that's still playing.
It seems you have your own kind
of philosophy on children playing.
Though I don't know
if that will help you
in getting your sentence reduced.
My mother wants a reduced sentence.
That doesn't interest me.
What interests me though…
[Gu-ppong] Come closer.
Children's liberation.
Oh, God.
[Min-woo] What's wrong with this guy?
I remember when Mr. Bang Gu-ppong told me,
my name should at least be
like Woodpecker's Booger
or Woodpecker's Butt
to make children laugh.
If I ever end up defending a child,
I should temporarily change my name.
You're bringing up Mr. Bang a lot today.
But not one word about whales.
It's kind of out of character.
[Young-woo] Hmm…
Mr. Bang Gu-ppong seems stranger
than me, so…
And so?
It's really nice when I'm with him.
[sighs]
It must be nice for the guy.
It's the first time I've seen you smile
that way when talking about someone.
[playful music playing]
I'll get the chair for you.
Huh? What? Uh, why?
It's hard for you to get the chair out
since you have the tray, right?
I got it for you.
Uh, okay.
I appreciate it. Thanks.
[Young-woo] Mm.
Oh! Do you like pickled radish?
Do you want me to share?
Uh, no, no, no.
I'm good on that. Thanks, though.
Okay. Then I hope you enjoy your meal.
[sighs]
My entire body felt really groggy
after drinking my green tea.
And when I came to,
I was surprised, the bus was parked
at the bottom of the mountain.
I was startled so I checked my phone
and four hours had passed.
So you called the police
immediately after you woke up?
Yes.
Then, they came and I was explaining
the situation, and then…
Children must play immediately!
-"Children must play immediately!"
-[driver] That guy
-was making his way down the mountain…
-[Gu-ppong] Two!
…with all the kids behind him
like some kind of pied piper.
And that's when the police
made the arrest.
[prosecutor] When the defendant
handed you the green tea,
were you aware that he was the son
of the director of the Mujin Academy?
Yes.
That guy had come around a few times.
Now that I think about it,
it actually might have been
to find out some information or something.
Like, about the academy's bus schedule--
Objection, calls for speculation.
Sustained.
Witness, tell the truth only,
omit speculations.
Yes, sir.
Where was I? The people at the academy
said the guy
was the director's youngest son.
I knew who he was.
So, is that the reason
that you took the tea
that was given to you by the defendant
without having suspicions
that it was drugged?
Of course!
Who would suspect that the director's son
would do that, though?
[driver] He put something in my green tea!
Objection!
It is also speculative
that the defendant laced his drink.
It's not a proven fact.
I take back that objection.
-What?
-Huh?
Defendant, what did you say?
Um, Attorney Woo
may have an objection, but…
it's fine with me.
Defendant, you do understand
your attorney is on your side?
The objection before, I…
I'm good with that too.
I would like to take back both objections.
-Your Honor, uh…
-What the driver said is all true.
And I did visit Mujin Academy
to see the bus schedule.
And I spiked the green tea as well
with pills for the driver.
[murmuring]
I put you in a tough spot, didn't I?
[Gu-ppong] I'm sorry,
but there was no other choice
for the liberation of children.
I only ask for your compassion.
Ah, I… I didn't expect you… Uh…
[judge] I see.
Record his statement. Word for word.
Yes.
Uh, all right. Yes.
Uh, was that the Mujin director?
Yeah. And apparently, she couldn't get
a letter of non-punishment.
Not a single one out of all 12 children?
Yeah. It's not certain yet,
but according to the director,
the parents of the victimized children
seem to be thinking
of filing a class-action lawsuit though.
[sighs]
That isn't good.
Hmm…
What if I go and speak with the kids?
Huh?
It's clear that what Mr. Bang did
could be upsetting enough
to get the parents to file a lawsuit,
but it's also a possible that it was
a pleasant memory for all the children.
If they find out that Mr. Bang
is going to get punished,
the kids might persuade their parents.
You can't just approach the kids
out of the blue.
If the parents find out, we're in trouble.
They are already worried
about their children's' safety.
So what if I don't approach them directly?
But instead approach them naturally
as if I ran into them
walking about instead?
Will approaching them in the so-called
natural way that you're talking about, uh,
even work? Considering it's you.
-Sorry?
-What?
Mm?
Maybe you should go with Attorney Woo.
Uh…
I can.
[Atty. Jung] Uh, okay then.
You two go together.
Uh, just make sure you don't try too hard
to persuade the children, okay?
And just give a sense of
what they happened to think about it all.
Mm. Okay.
Once the academy lets the kids out,
they probably have some kind of routine.
Why don't we head to that area and see?
-We'll take a taxi.
-Okay.
[light music playing]
Uh, what's going on?
Walk on the inside.
In an event where the car drives
over the sidewalk,
you'll be much safer over there.
Oh.
Yes, well, if that were to happen,
isn't it better with me on the outside?
Because I could get out of the way
a little faster than you, Attorney Woo.
[Jun-ho chuckles]
Uh, hey.
After you.
Uh…
Gosh.
Okay, thank you. I appreciate it.
Attorney Woo.
Uh, are you Kim Min-ji?
Aren't you a third-grader
at Hanti Elementary?
-Ah, well, so, we, uh…
-Do you know Mr. Bang Gu-ppong?
[chuckles]
I do.
We're some of his good friends.
Oh.
[chuckles]
Hey, isn't it a bit late for dinner?
It's past nine already.
I'm eating early today.
When I went to Mujin Academy,
I wasn't eating until after 10 p.m.
All the classes at the academy are locked.
Locked classes? What are they?
Uh…
No one's allowed outside
until the academy's done that day.
[Min-ji] There aren't any breaks
so we can't even go get a snack.
And to go to the bathroom,
we have to raise our hand for permission.
That sounds like prison,
not at all like an academy.
We want to ask you some things
regarding what happened to Mr. Bang.
Do you have a second to talk?
[gasps]
My God.
I'm late. I have to go to the study cafe.
The study cafe? This late?
I can't get behind
while I look for a new academy to go to
since I quit Mujin.
My mom said I should go to the study cafe
in the meantime.
Do you know if Mr. Bang Gu-ppong
went to jail?
Oh. He's currently residing
in the detention center,
and not in prison yet.
[Min-ji] Oh, I see.
I still have this with me.
[soft music playing]
I found it when we went to the mountain.
I threw everything else away but this.
There's a store across the street
near there.
There's a bunch of other kids
at that store.
Some that went to the mountain.
Maybe they can tell you all about it.
'Cause it was so much fun.
Welcome.
Hello.
Good evening, ma'am.
Excuse me. Uh, do the students
who attend the academies nearby
ever stop here after 10 p.m.?
Huh?
Uh, they do
since that's when class is over.
-Oh.
-They should be storming in any second.
It's a stampede of kids
rushing to grab some dinner.
The children don't get to eat their dinner
until after ten at night?
It sure seems like it.
For a bunch of spoiled kids
living in bougie,
billion-won-a-month apartments,
you assume they would eat healthy foods.
But that's not the case.
They all just eat instant noodles,
rice bowls, sausages,
junk food, and stuff like that.
Sweet, savory, spicy TV dinners.
There they are.
-[store owner] Be careful!
-[kid 1] Hey, watch out!
-[store owner] Hey, walk. Don't run.
-[kid 2] Hurry, hurry!
-We gotta get back soon.
-[kid 3] Yeah, yeah, yeah.
[kid 2] Yeah, okay, hurry.
Yeah, get that one. That looks good.
Hurry! Hurry!
-[kid 2] Come on, let's get out of here.
-[kid 4] This one. I'll take that one.
[kid 5] Okay, yeah. Will you grab me one?
Oh, hold on, wait for me!
[oven beeping]
[kid 6] Okay, it's done.
[kid 7] Oh, yeah.
[store owner]
You're paying for everything? Okay.
You know what these kids look for
when choosing a drink?
The amount of caffeine.
-[gasps]
-The higher, the better.
There's a coffee-flavored milk.
It's packed with caffeine.
Kids as young as elementary
drink it like water.
It's a little uncomfortable to watch.
If they're drinking all of this stuff now,
just imagine, in high school?
[store owner] Don't forget your card.
I see kids who look underdeveloped
and with bags under their eyes.
And it's always the kids who are preparing
for science or gifted high schools.
It's partially what they're eating.
Sleep deprivation,
that was what makes them smaller.
Like those two.
You see them?
Oh! An acorn.
-An acorn!
-What? Uh…
-[sobbing]
-It's okay!
Come on, jeez, stop crying.
I said stop crying.
[Young-woo] What's the matter?
Do you know, uh, Mr. Bang Gu-ppong?
We're Mr. Bang's good friends.
Yeah, Mr. Bang Gu-ppong.
Yeah, I do too.
See this?
I made it with the acorn I picked up
when we went to the mountain.
And look, he made this one.
Wow, that's pretty cool.
You did great work.
Hey, what's wrong? What are you sad about?
Oh, he got an "undecided" today.
Oh?
What's that mean?
If you're not done with the mission
by 10 p.m., you get an "undecided."
What kind of mission?
The mission of solving math problems.
We started at three, but I'm the only one
who couldn't finish it.
It's way too hard.
It's an elementary student's mission
to solve math problems from three to ten?
-[horn honking]
-Oh. My mom's here.
I got to go now. Bye!
[Young-woo] Uh, wait, wait, wait!
Do you want
Mr. Bang Gu-ppong to go to prison?
No.
I don't.
Then do you want
to be able to play with him again?
[horn honking continues]
Hey, let's go. Come on!
What are you doing?
Hey, Lee Se-won!
[girl] Come on, hurry.
Children who are only 10 and 11 years old
are stuck inside schools and academies,
studying 12 hours every day,
not being able to properly eat or sleep.
They're like dolphins
who are stuck in small tanks,
and doing shows every day,
eating only frozen fish.
Orcas that live in tanks have dorsal fins
that bend to the side like this.
It's because they should be
swimming around in the open sea,
but, instead, are trapped
in narrow spaces and are abused, and--
Enough!
That's very sad.
But what are you trying to say?
What if we say
that he had rescued the kids
who were being abused
and was taking emergency measures?
Seriously?
You're saying that sending a kid
to an academy is abuse?
Then instead of kidnapping them,
he should've called the police.
[Min-woo] None of that matters anyway.
Motive won't reduce sentencing
when it comes
to the abduction of children.
This is a crime, no matter
what the intent of the perpetrator.
All right. Then what if we say
that this is a case
where he had the verbal consent
of the children?
[sighs]
At the time of the incident,
the door of the bus was wide open,
and he had told the kids more than once
to get off the bus
if they didn't want to go with him.
Getting the consent of minors
won't be enough.
He needed to get their parent's consent.
Oh, Attorney Woo,
I do feel bad for the defendant.
In a way, he was just having fun
with children
and was arrested just for doing that,
and I agree,
it does seem a bit excessive, but…
but the more we feel like that,
the more focused we need to be.
Are you going to keep on spewing nonsense
and getting distracted by the defendant?
Attorney Jung.
[rock music playing]
Wha…
[Min-woo] Why…
Are you going out?
Hmm… Are you going out?
I'm going on a blind date.
A blind date?
What about you and Jun-ho?
What? Me and Jun-ho, really…
God, you and your crappy instincts!
I'm putting
a more progressive foot forward.
If you know someone nice, let me know.
I guarantee I'll win him over.
You'll win him over progressively?
I'm sure even you, Attorney Kwon,
must know at least one decent guy.
[Su-yeon] Can't you think of anyone?
"Even you, Attorney Kwon"? That's rude.
I can suggest someone.
He knows a whole lot about being nice.
He pulls out seats, opens doors,
walks on the inside of the street
when walking together,
and carries their things.
[gasps]
Really?
Mm. Yes, plus, he makes
great seaweed gimbap.
-[Young-woo] I'll introduce you to him.
-Mm.
We're lucky that the police arrested him
when they did.
What if they had come later?
We don't know what kind of tragedy
could've occurred.
A rapist!
[woman 1]
The man actually could've been a rapist.
We, uh, do appreciate your anger
and your worries as well.
It's just…
a lawsuit requires
lots of time and energy,
without assurance that the result
would even come out in your favor.
What if you all tell us
what it is exactly that you want,
without us going through all the trouble
of legal action?
Director Choi Seong-suk is ready
and willing to give you
her sincerest apologies.
Tell me, what's the point
of having the director apologize?
That Bang Gu-ppong or whatever
he calls himself has no remorse.
Did you hear what he said
at the police station?
He painted us as shameless parents,
bent on sending our kids to college
without talking about
their future happiness and security.
I couldn't believe what I heard.
Is it that we make them suffer
because we want to?
No, we do it for their future.
If you tell them to play all day
when they should be studying instead,
how are they going to turn out?
[woman 1] We paid good money
to send them there.
[woman 2] I want my daughter
to have the best education.
[woman 3] What is her problem?
-[woman 4] Look. I work hard…
-[woman 1] I mean, we care
about our children's future.
[women murmuring]
My son
is a mentally ill and lacking child.
He probably doesn't know what he's saying.
Each of us are just moms raising children.
Please, just this once, forgive my son
with the heart of a mother.
I'll see to it this never happens again.
Why, Director? Didn't you say
you have three successful boys?
You talked your academy
of saying your sons
went to Seoul National University,
and now, what?
-Now he's mentally ill?
-I was being arrogant.
It's all my fault.
I will apologize
if an apology is what you want,
and give you settlement money
if that's what you want.
My son,
I know he's too fragile…
to make it in prison.
I'm pleading with you because…
if my son is sent to jail, I fear
he might do the unthinkable.
[sobs]
I…
[Seong-suk sobs]
Please, I beg you.
[Seong-suk] I beg you.
[papers rustling]
I checked all 11 of them.
Each was signed and sealed.
This success is all thanks
to your heartfelt pleading, Director.
Thank you so much.
I appreciate your work as well.
Ready? Okay. We'll be on our way then.
All right.
I'm just going to sit here
a little longer.
[sighs]
Director Choi.
Yes?
What you said about your son
being a mentally ill man,
that he probably doesn't know
what he's talking about,
as his attorney,
I don't think that's true.
[chuckles]
You don't…
Do you think he's just normal then?
You've only met him
a couple of times, Attorney,
so that's why you think that.
It's true, I have only met him
a couple of times,
but shouldn't you think
more highly of him as his mother?
Shouldn't you listen to him?
At least this one time,
with an open heart and mind.
Kids laugh at the name
"Mr. Bang Gu-ppong."
However, they understand
what the liberation of children
that Mr. Bang avows is all about.
The ones who don't understand your son…
are only adults.
Then do you want
to be able to play with him again?
Hey, Lee Se-won!
I want to play all day, every day.
I want to be liberated.
[soft music playing]
Witness, how would you diagnose
the defendant?
The defendant suffers
from delusional disorder.
[psychiatrist]
Megalomania, to be more specific.
Then is the defendant's claim
that he is Commander-in-Chief
of the Children's Liberation Army
another symptom of this disorder?
[psychiatrist] Yes, that's correct.
[whale shrieking]
[psychiatrist]
Patients who suffer from megalomania…
[voice fading]
…believe they hold an important position
at an institution or an organization…
[somber music playing]
[whale singing]
[dreamy music playing]
[shrieking]
[whale singing]
[Min-woo] That is all.
Uh…
I would like to ask further questions.
What… What are you…
Attorney Woo. Attorney.
The academy where the 12 children
used to attend
is famous for running locked classes.
Do you know what locked classes mean?
[psychiatrist] Locked classes?
No, I don't.
Locked classes mean
that students are kept there all day long,
forced to study.
The kids at Mujin aren't allowed
to go outside until 10 p.m.
which is when the academy's day is over.
[Young-woo] They are not given any time
to take breaks or eat food.
They have to ask for permission
to go to the bathroom too.
And children who use the bathroom
more than two times are sent home,
saying they're not
in their mindset to work.
JURY
[indistinct chatter]
Mujin Academy is known for getting
parental consent forms saying that
"Kids who do not do their homework
can be punished."
But the popularity of Mujin Academy
among parents
is at its highest.
[murmuring]
Despite these facts, do you still think
my client's interpretation of reality
and beliefs are distorted enough
to be seen as a delusional disorder?
-Attorney Woo, what are you doing? You…
-Attorney Jung?
Can we let her continue?
[Seong-suk] Oh.
Look at my son's expression.
[Jun-ho] What?
[Seong-suk] What is this determination?
What is he trying to say with all this?
Children who are only ten years old
cannot properly eat, sleep, or play,
all because they have to study
for 12 hours every day.
Yet, you say the enemy
of the children of Korea
isn't academies and parents?
Counselor.
The witness was requested by the defense.
Why are you going out of your way
to get a testimony
that would be damaging for the defendant?
I'm not trying to get a damaging testimony
for the defendant--
[judge] What is it
that you're trying to prove?
Are you trying to show that
he has no issues with his mental state?
And to establish that he does not suffer
from any delusional disorder?
Yes, correct.
You realize that could be
a harmful testimony
for the defendant?
Your Honor, if I may,
the defendant is a person
who committed a crime
that is established
by seeking change with the belief system
that is opposing the existing system.
In other words, he's a political offender.
He is not a heinous criminal
who has committed a crime
that is deserving of moral criticism.
If he is diagnosed as a patient
of a delusional disorder,
it may help get the defendant's
sentence reduced.
Though it would offend
the defendant's ideology…
of the liberation of children.
As the defendant's legal counsel,
I am trying to defend his…
ideology itself.
This trial is being held to determine
whether the defendant broke the law,
not to spread the defendant's ideology.
Regardless of what your agenda,
I'm forced to ask
the question before the court,
so, being of sound mind, let me inquire.
Defendant,
do you feel remorse
for the criminal acts you committed?
Uh, Your Honor.
I'd like to remind the defendant
of his right to refuse to testify--
No.
[chuckles]
I don't feel remorse.
And does that mean you plan to commit
similar crimes to this in the future?
Yes.
[light music playing]
[people murmuring]
Attorney Jung.
Aren't you going to talk to Attorney Woo
about that?
Didn't she jeopardize our case
with an outburst
she didn't talk to us about?
I'll have to give her a warning
after talking to her first.
You're really not giving her a penalty
after that behavior?
Sir, it's not like
it was a trivial mistake.
It's a mistake that could overturn
the outcome of the trial.
Didn't we have this conversation already?
You said I should punish her
for unauthorized absences, right?
Attorney Kwon,
you must really like penalties.
Is that why you wrote that post
on the bulletin board?
[gloomy music playing]
Uh, listen.
When you experience
a difference in opinion,
or a conflict at work,
you need to talk with your colleagues
and solve it.
Giving rewards or punishment
over who's right or wrong
for every single thing,
that's not how I like to work.
[sighs]
Um, there was a difference in opinion
between the attorneys
about the defense strategy.
I'm sorry for not being able
to coordinate this before the trial.
I'm sorry as well.
Thank you.
Thank you, Attorney Woo.
Thank you so much.
What did, uh, my mother say?
Your mother understood, thankfully.
Ah.
Is that so?
Yes.
[sighs]
Getting the letter of non-punishment
is good for having your sentence reduced.
But the defendant's remorseless testimony
is cause for aggravated punishment.
And we shouldn't expect the judges'
mitigation at this juncture, either.
I'm thinking…
probation but it could be a long shot.
Well, it honestly doesn't matter.
I was kind of hoping that, um,
you could do me one favor?
Favor?
For my testimony at the trial.
Would you invite
the Children's Liberation Army?
What?
[mellow music playing]
I wanted to give them a nice memory
of playing to their hearts' desires.
But now I'm afraid that, uh,
they might look back on it all
and think to themselves…
the cost of getting to play is prison.
As the Children's Liberation Army
Commander-in-Chief,
even if I go to prison, I want them
to see me take my judgment with grace.
They should see that I'm not ashamed
and never will be ashamed of playing.
[sighs]
Mm.
Uh, this may be a bit random,
but I did well in school.
What?
Yes, I graduated
from Seoul National University
before graduating, passed the bar.
Ah, I see.
Where did you graduate from, Attorney Woo?
Huh?
Oh, uh, I also graduated
from that university.
And?
And…
I also graduated law school
at Seoul National University.
Right, graduated
summa cum laude from both.
[suspenseful music playing]
Looking back, I think dreaming of becoming
an attorney at an early age,
that was the secret.
It is the reason I got such good grades.
And you also, Attorney Woo, right?
Uh, yes.
I think that was also the case for me.
Is that so?
If Min-ji gets to attend this trial,
it would definitely assist
in raising her grades
and motivating her a great amount.
It's not every day she gets to see
a judge, prosecutor, and attorneys
working right in front of her.
Right. By attending this trial,
Min-ji will naturally wanna go
to Seoul National University.
Yes.
Oh, and don't worry
about the kids' safety.
The other attorneys and I
will personally watch them all
and, uh, escort them to trial.
Oh, you will?
That would be great.
[laughs]
I thought she was actually leaning
towards the sciences.
Though, what if she suddenly says
she wants to study law?
Oh.
[laughs]
[both laughing]
-Oh, my, what am I gonna do?
-Oh.
[laughing continues]
Oh, Attorney Woo.
The Director of Mujin Academy
said she'll lend us the academy bus.
I think we can use it
to bring the kids to court.
Okay.
Oh! I…
I'll do it!
-Uh, what?
-Where, uh… Where to?
[sighs]
[Young-woo grunts]
Attorney Woo.
Why are you acting this way?
What?
Well, you're…
acting way too nice.
Pulling out my chair, having me walk
on the inside of the street,
getting the car door,
now carrying my things.
What's going on?
Did I do something, or is something wrong?
Uh, no, nothing is wrong, Jun-ho.
I just, uh…
I like you.
I was nice because I like you.
[soft music playing]
REORGANIZATION CLAIM, REORGANIZED
SECURED CLAIM, INVESTIGATIVE CASE
[kids laughing, chattering]
[kid 1] Mr. Bang!
Hey, everyone.
We're gonna get moving now, okay?
-Okay!
Hey, sir?
What is your name?
Is your name something
like Bang Gu-ppong also?
Uh, no, nothing like that.
Uh, so, uh, I'm, uh…
It's Lee The Butthead!
[kids laughing]
Really? It's Lee The Butthead this time?
Yes, because Mr. Bang is a friend of ours.
That is Lee The Butthead,
and I am Woo, Woo,
Woo-Woo-Woo, Woodpecker's Booger!
And you guys?
What do you want to be called?
Uh… Well, uh, our names… We're, uh…
Just attorneys.
[kids jeering]
My name's…
Mr. Diarrhea Kwon.
Uh, I'm, uh…
Jung Poopy Guy!
SEOUL CENTRAL DISTRICT COURT
Yes. That is all.
[judge] Defendant.
Is there anything you would like to say?
Yes, first…
I would like to speak to the adults
who are raising children.
Children only have right now to play.
Later is too late.
After school,
after getting a job,
after getting married, it is too late.
Playing tag, or some marbles,
Red Rover, double dutch,
later is too late for it.
In a life full of anxiety,
it's far too late to discover the only key
to true happiness.
[mellow music playing]
One!
Children must play immediately.
"One, children must play immediately."
Two, children must be healthy immediately.
-"Two,"
-"children must be healthy immediately."
And third.
Everyone be quiet.
No one else can talk
besides the defendant.
Your Honor.
Those children are the victims
of this case.
With the permission
of the presiding judge,
victims have the right
to state their opinions during a trial.
Can't you accept the children
reciting the Declaration
of the Children's Liberation
as a victim's statement of opinion?
One!
-"One!"
Children must play immediately.
-"Children must play immediately."
Two!
-"Two!"
Children must be healthy immediately.
-"Children must be healthy immediately."
Three!
-"Three!"
Children must be happy immediately.
-"Children must be happy immediately!"
Presently defeating the sly demands
of schools, academies, and parents,
I, your Commander-in-Chief,
Mr. Bang Gu-ppong…
will perform a silly song
for happy children immediately.
Kids!
-Let's play!
[uplifting music playing]
[kids shouting]
Bang Gu-ppong, look at this.
[kids giggling]
[Gu-ppong] Oh, wow.
All right. Group hug now, everyone.
[kid 1] We missed you.
-[kid 2] Bang Gu-ppong, this way!
-[kid 3] This way!
Get in here.
[whale squealing]
[dreamy music playing]
[uplifting music playing]
[Min-woo] Do you want some chili powder?
[Jun-ho] Mm.
Should we dip the sauce or pour?
Who is it?
Huh?
Who is this girl you're into
that's not Choi Su-yeon?
I don't see why the "who" is so important.
I can't help unless I know who it is.
It's obvious that something
is bothering you.
The way you're sighing like some…
like some old sick dog.
[heavy sigh]
It's just hard to imagine
what happens next.
What?
[slurping]
After liking each other.
It feels…
like this is a huge deal.
Like this one decision could impact
the rest of my life.
It's scary to think if we get into it,
it could…
be very difficult
for us both.
Are you, like, getting married?
Or what's making you
take this so seriously?
Just try dating her,
and if you're not into it, end it.
With this person, I can't involve myself
thinking there's a chance it will fail.
[Min-woo scoffs]
So, you're under the impression
it won't last long, huh?
That's not what I'm saying!
Then do it. You have your answer.
-"Do it"?
-Do it.
Whoa, hey! Where are you going?
You're really going?
Wait!
I was just saying that metaphorically
for how to get things moving forward.
[door lock beeps]
I guess he took it and ran.
[light music playing]
One, two, three.
[Young-woo] One, two, three.
One, two… two, three.
One, two. What?
One, two, three.
One, two…
One, two… One, two…
One, two, three.
[whines]
[gasps]
Oh.
[panting]
Thanks very much.
I have something to say.
I do like you.
I like you so much,
it feels like…
my stomach's in knots.
So sorry. We'll be…
[somber music playing]
Can I come in?
[camera shutter clicking]
She's alone at a gimbap restaurant
at this hour without a secretary.
Hey, wait a minute.
Woo Young-woo…
That Hanbada lawyer…
[camera shutter clicks]
[light music playing]
[Young-woo] It's an illegal arrest
if you don't have an arrest warrant.
Are you an attorney or something?
Where did you pick up
a troublesome case like this one?
I picked it up
while I was on subway line two.
Loving someone
with an intellectual disability,
is it that hard to believe?
Witness, do you wish to have
Mr. Yang Jeong-il be punished
for the crime of sexually assaulting you?
-I am in love.
-[both] What?
Please don't send him to jail.
[Young-woo] If you have a disability,
I think merely liking someone
is not enough.